name	path	filter	prompt	titel	autor	projektuebersicht
01  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maroeplin/bvk-128-03/main/Timecodes/004/01_Objekte_Schwarzfeld_David.jpg  Objekte  A brilliantly designed and meticulously crafted oil lamp specifically designed for illumination in the futuristic setting of a space station, like a one that would be featured in the iconic film 2001: A Space Odyssey. This stunning image, captured in a photograph, showcases the oil lamps sleek and sophisticated design, with its streamlined organically shaped white plastic body gleaming under the soft glow of ambient light. inspired by the set design of space odyssey. Every detail is flawlessly rendered, from the finely etched engravings on its surface to the smooth, polished finish. The light emitted by the lamp is pure and intense, illuminating the surroundings with a crystal clear radiance. This captivating image epitomizes the newest technology of the space station and immerses viewers in the awe-inspiring world of the movie. place it within the original set of the movie and illuminate the actors standing around it  "Stellara"  David  Schwarzfeld  schwarzfeld
02  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maroeplin/bvk-128-03/main/Timecodes/035/01_Szenen_Schwarzfeld_David.jpg  Szenen    A brilliantly designed and meticulously crafted oil lamp specifically designed for illumination in the futuristic setting of a space station, like a one that would be featured in the iconic film 2001: A Space Odyssey. This stunning image, captured in a photograph, showcases the oil lamps sleek and sophisticated design, with its streamlined organically shaped white plastic body gleaming under the soft glow of ambient light. inspired by the set design of space odyssey. Every detail is flawlessly rendered, from the finely etched engravings on its surface to the smooth, polished finish. The light emitted by the lamp is pure and intense, illuminating the surroundings with a crystal clear radiance. This captivating image epitomizes the newest technology of the space station and immerses viewers in the awe-inspiring world of the movie. place it within the original set of the movie and illuminate the actors standing around it    "Begegung"  David Schwarzfeld  schwarzfeld
03  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maroeplin/bvk-128-03/main/Timecodes/035/02_Szenen_Schwarzfeld_David.jpg  Szenen    A brilliantly designed and meticulously crafted oil lamp specifically designed for illumination in the futuristic setting of a space station, like a one that would be featured in the iconic film 2001: A Space Odyssey. This stunning image, captured in a photograph, showcases the oil lamps sleek and sophisticated design, with its streamlined organically shaped white plastic body gleaming under the soft glow of ambient light. inspired by the set design of space odyssey. Every detail is flawlessly rendered, from the finely etched engravings on its surface to the smooth, polished finish. The light emitted by the lamp is pure and intense, illuminating the surroundings with a crystal clear radiance. This captivating image epitomizes the newest technology of the space station and immerses viewers in the awe-inspiring world of the movie. place it within the original set of the movie and illuminate the actors standing around it    "Begegung"  David Schwarzfeld  schwarzfeld
04  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maroeplin/bvk-128-03/main/Timecodes/035/03_Szenen_Schwarzfeld_David.jpg  Szenen    A brilliantly designed and meticulously crafted oil lamp specifically designed for illumination in the futuristic setting of a space station, like a one that would be featured in the iconic film 2001: A Space Odyssey. This stunning image, captured in a photograph, showcases the oil lamps sleek and sophisticated design, with its streamlined organically shaped white plastic body gleaming under the soft glow of ambient light. inspired by the set design of space odyssey. Every detail is flawlessly rendered, from the finely etched engravings on its surface to the smooth, polished finish. The light emitted by the lamp is pure and intense, illuminating the surroundings with a crystal clear radiance. This captivating image epitomizes the newest technology of the space station and immerses viewers in the awe-inspiring world of the movie. place it within the original set of the movie and illuminate the actors standing around it    "Begegung"  David Schwarzfeld  schwarzfeld
