nummer	path	filter	prompt	titel	autor	projektuebersicht
13  Adaption	a solid black monolith in the style of "H.R. Giger" standing in a wasteland ; the monolith is made up of organic and inorganic shapes like a biomechanical spaceship console  Monolith	Nathalie Stein	stein
14  Adaption  A low angle shot of a sharp edged black monolith, looking up at the sky, the monolith is rendered in the style of "HR Giger"	Monolith 02	Nathalie Stein	stein
21  Adaption  a wheel-shaped space station floating in space rendered in the style of "H.R. Giger", it is shadowed eerily reminiscent of the Alien movie, biomechanical, the moon is visible in the right corner  Raumschiff  Nathalie Stein  stein
24  Adaption  Adaption  a spaceship cockpit with two seats inspired by style of "H.R. Giger", with shapes and colours reminescent of the movie "Alien" 1979  Cockpit  Nathalie Stein  stein
24  Adaption  Adaption  the opening of a space station the style of "H.R. Giger", biomechanical, alien, horror, Alien  Raumschiff 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
26  Adaption  Adaption  red chairs from the movie "2001: a space odyssey" rendered in the style of "H.R. Giger", biomechanical textures are in the background  Chairs  Nathalie Stein  stein
34  Adaption  Adaption  yellow biomechanical hallway in the style of "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical; alien, horror, Alien 1979, biomechanical  Hallway 01  Nathalie Stein  stein
38  Adaption  Adaption  The console of a round spaceship inspired by the works of "HR Giger", bent in perspective, multiple screens  Screens 01  Nathalie Stein  stein
39  Adaption  Adaption  Stanley Kubric, "2001: A Space odyssey, Alien (1979), space station, H.R Giger, horror, green  Entry  Nathalie Stein  stein
40  Adaption  Adaption  A dark steel biomechanical spaceship in the "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical; alien, horror, Alien 1979  Raumschiff Landung  Nathalie Stein  stein
41  Adaption  a ramp leading down into the hangar of a space station in the style of "H.R. Giger", the scene is eerily lit reminiscent of the Alien franchise  Entry  Nathalie Stein  stein
41  Adaption  A dark steel biomechanical spaceship in the "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical; alien, horror, Alien 1979  Raumschiff 02  Nathalie Stein  stein 
46  Adaption  A rocky planet surface in the style of "H.R. Giger", biomechanical, alien, nature, Alien 1979  Landscape  Nathalie Stein  stein
48  Adaption  a biomechanically textured spaceship cockpit in the style of "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical; alien, horror, Alien 1979  Interior 01  Nathalie Stein  stein
49  Adaption  a satellite rover standing in the middle of the wasteland of a planet at night the style of "H.R. Giger", the planet's surface is rocky and heavily textured like a wasteland  Landscape 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
51  Adaption  a biomechanically textured spaceship in the style of "H.R. Giger" floating in space above a planet, the ship has organic and inorganic textures reminiscent of H.R Giger's work  Raumschiff im Flug  Nathalie Stein  stein
55  Adaption  Biomechanical spaceship, slender and sinuous like the works of H.R. Giger, soaring into the abyss, design fuses mechanical elements with organic forms, eerie and unsettling atmosphere reminiscent of the Alien franchise, shadows play across its hull as it slips away into darkness  Raumschiff im Flug 02    Nathalie Stein
59  Adaption  close up of biomechanical console with multiple screens in the style of "H.R. Giger", biomechanical, Alien 1979  Screens 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
67  Adaption  a person standing inside a biomechanical bending space station corridor the style of "H.R. Giger", biomechanical, alien, horror, Alien 1979  Hallway  Nathalie Stein  stein
69  Adaption  a dark steel biomechanical spaceship console with seven screens in the "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical; alien, horror, Alien 1979  Konsole  Nathalie Stein  stein
79  Adaption  a top down look at a man working on a space station console, rendered in the style of "HR Giger", compiling organic and inorganic shapes and textures  Screens  Nathalie Stein  stein
84  Adaption  empty astronaut suits inside a biomechanical space ship in the style of "H.R. Giger"; biomechanical, alien, horror, Alien  Suits  Nathalie Stein  stein
92  Adaption  Hal 9000 in the style of "H.R. Giger";  a biomechanical spaceship console with a red light glowing in the middle surrounded by shapes and textures inspired by the movie "Alien" 1979  Hal  Nathalie Stein  stein
106  Adaption  A round robot fixing a white space station. The robot is composed of organic and inorganic shapes inspired by the works of "HR Giger"  Capsule  Nathalie Stein  stein
107  Adaption  Stanley Kubric, "2001: A Space odysse", Alien (1979), space station, HR Giger, Horror, dark red color  Hallway 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
119  Adaption  3 detailed planets floating in different distances in space in the style of H.R Giger  Planets 01  Nathalie Stein  stein
119  Adaption  3 detailed planets floating in different distances in space in the style of H.R Giger  Planets 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
132  Adaption  "a round drone laying in a biomechanical roccoco inspired room rendered in the style of "HR Giger"  Bedroom 01  Nathalie Stein  stein
136  Adaption  a black monolith standing in a roccoco inspired bedroom rendered in the style of "H.R. Giger",the interior is made up of both organic and inorganig material like HR Giger's work  Bedroom 02  Nathalie Stein  stein
139  Adaption  A rectangular black monolith standing in a roccoco inspired room, the monolith is rendered in the style of "HR Giger" an reminiscent of the movie "Alien" 1979  bedroom 03  Nathalie Stein  stein
